Game Test section (#279)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/automatic-testing.md

Reviewer: could you change line 60 to:

```md
@[code lang=log transcludeWith=:::automatic-testing:5](@/reference/latest/src/test/java/com/example/docs/codec/BeanTypeTest.java)
```

Both server and client game tests can be set up manually or with Fabric Loom. This guide will use Loom.

To add game tests to your mod, add the following to your `build.gradle`:

@[code lang=groovy transcludeWith=:::automatic-testing:game-test:1](@/reference/latest/build.gradle)

To see all available options, see [the Loom documentation on tests](./loom/fabric-api#tests).

#### Setting up Game Test Directory {#setting-up-game-test-directory}

::: info
You only need this section if you enabled `createSourceSet`, which is recommended. You can, of course, do your own gradle magic, but you'll be on your own.
:::

If you enabled `createSourceSet` like the example above, your gametest will be in a separate source set with a separate `fabric.mod.json`. The module name defaults to `gametest`. Create a new `fabric.mod.json` in `src/gametest/resources/` as shown:

<<< @/reference/latest/src/gametest/resources/fabric.mod.json

Note that this `fabric.mod.json` expects a server game test at `src/gametest/java/com/example/docs/FabricDocsGameTest`, and a client game test at `src/gametest/java/com/example/docs/FabricDocsClientGameTest`.

### Writing Game Tests {#writing-game-tests}

> You can now create server and client game tests in the `src/gametest/java` directory. Here is a barebones example of each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create server and client game tests in the `src/gametest/java` directory. Here is a basic example for each:
```

> Server game test:
> 
> <<< @/reference/latest/src/gametest/java/com/example/docs/FabricDocsGameTest.java
> 
> Client game test:
> 
> <<< @/reference/latest/src/gametest/java/com/example/docs/FabricDocsClientGameTest.java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: code-group

<<< @/reference/latest/src/gametest/java/com/example/docs/FabricDocsGameTest.java [Server]

<<< @/reference/latest/src/gametest/java/com/example/docs/FabricDocsClientGameTest.java [Client]

:::
```

> See the respective javadocs in Fabric API for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the respective Javadocs in Fabric API for more info.
```
